---
title: "Affirmations"
alias: "affirmations"
feature_image: "nan"
type: "post"
status: "published"
visibility: "paid"
modified: "2016-01-14T05:00:00.000Z"
---

<h3 id="wise-words">Wise Words</h3><p>"A good traveler has no fixed plans, and is not intent on arriving."<br>- Lao Tzu</p><h3 id="creative-energy">Creative Energy</h3><ol><li>I feel amazing every morning I wake up. I bounce out of bed first thing knowing that the day has huge opportunity in store for me. <br><strong>I feel excited, confident and exhilarated each morning as soon as I open my eyes.</strong></li><li>I am a self starter who does not need any external force to motivate me, all of my motivation comes from within and I can call on it at will. <br><strong>This makes me feel unstoppable and powerful.</strong></li><li>I am a motivated and energetic person. I feel good every single day. <br><strong>This makes me feel healthy, happy and energetic.</strong></li><li>I am proud of myself and my success. I have achieved a great deal and this is just the beginning. <br><strong>I feel humble and honoured.</strong></li><li>I am a powerful body, a powerful mind, and a powerful soul. <br><strong>This makes me feel deserving of the world’s greatest levels of success.</strong></li><li>I am creative at helping other solve their challenges. <br><strong>I have helped other people improve their lives and I feel proud and special.</strong></li><li>Each day and every day brings fresh new opportunities to me and I can’t wait to begin each day. <br><strong>This makes me feel excited and at ease.</strong></li><li>I embrace all change and use it to my higher good. I am an alchemist who can bring success from any situation in life and I am rewarded for it. <br><strong>I feel special and smart.</strong></li><li>I give thanks continuously as I move through each day. <br><strong>I understand that I am gifted and for that I am humble and thankful.</strong></li><li>I acknowledge the blessings I have received in my life with gratitude, <br><strong>I feel honoured and humble.</strong></li><li>I excel at whatever I do. I have a positive expectancy and I am known to win. <br><strong>I feel powerful and deserving.</strong></li><li>I am at peace with the world around me. I understand how it works and where I fit within it. I am deserving of huge financial wealth and respect. <br><strong>I feel powerful and smart.</strong></li><li>My thoughts are filled with positivity and my life is plentiful with prosperity. I am immersed in abundance. I express my truth with confidence. Energy fills my life. I am open so love may flow through me. Today, I am brimming with energy and overflowing with joy. Creative energy surges through me and leads me to new and brilliant ideas.</li><li>I always think and act today. I feel heroic, confident and exhilarated knowing my actions today will create momentum for the days that follow. <br><strong>I feel unstoppable.</strong></li><li>I am free of the fear of rejection. Rejection is a necessary thing to achieve success. <br><strong>I act without fear of rejection and feel confident, strong minded and energized.</strong></li><li>I am good enough. I am smart, helpful and worthy of taking up anybody’s time. <strong>Knowing I am good enough makes me feel comfortable, confident, exhilarated.</strong></li><li>I am free of the fear of mistakes and failure. Mistakes and failure are good and necessary to achieve success. <br><strong>I act without fear of failure and feel excited, heroic and unstoppable.</strong></li><li>I am very proud to be free of judging other people and comparing them to myself. <br><strong>I feel happy and strong minded.</strong></li><li>I am very proud to be free of imagining what others are thinking and saying about me. This is not true and being free of thinking it makes me happy, worry-free, successful and unleashed. <br><strong>I feel exhilarated.</strong></li><li>I find it easier and easier to constantly improve myself personally and professionally everyday. My positive affirmations, goal setting and constant action make me incredibly successful free nomad. <br><strong>I feel incredibly positive and strong-minded.</strong></li></ol><h3 id="business">Business</h3><ol><li>I am an amazing speaker and produce some of the world’s best videos. My videos impact people all over the world and help improve their lives. <br><strong>I feel powerful and skilled.</strong></li><li>I am confident calling and talking to business owners of all success levels - they are no different to anybody else and I realize that. <br><strong>I feel confident, excited and exhilarated talking to big business owners.</strong></li><li>I love calling my prospects and customers. Each call is a new opportunity to build a relationship and help somebody out. <br><strong>Every time I call my prospects and customers I feel excited and confident.</strong></li><li>Each and every call I make I start with an incredible level of positive expectation and prosperity. I know that right now - somewhere someone’s life is better and more prosperous because of my products and services. <br><strong>I feel confident and exhilarated.</strong></li><li>I am an excellent marketer. I know how to generate a constant stream of leads and money for any business. <br><strong>I feel powerful, confident and assured that my marketing skills are amazingly successful.</strong></li><li>I am an amazing copywriter. I know how to write copy that grabs attention and pulls incredible results. <br><strong>I feel powerful, confident and assured that my copywriting skills are awesomely successful.</strong></li><li>My business is growing, expanding, and thriving. I am finding better clients for my business every day. I possess the qualities needed to be extremely successful. <br><strong>My ability to conquer my challenges is limitless; my potential to succeed is infinite.</strong></li><li>I love to close the deal. When a deal is closed one way or another I rejoice knowing that my time has been well spent and I feel confident and excited about moving onto a new opportunity without any wasted time.</li><li>I love taking action. <br><strong>I feel courageous and exhilarated by taking action and I build extreme momentum and prosperity when taking action.</strong></li><li>I see opportunity everywhere I look. Opportunity is everywhere and it is there for me everyday. <br><strong>I feel overwhelmingly confident and positive everyday with the abundance of opportunity.</strong></li><li>It’s easy to be successful. I rejoice at the fact that I am successful at will and become more successful every day - huge success is inevitable for me. <br><strong>I feel prosperous and abundant.</strong></li></ol><h3 id="relationships">Relationships</h3><ol><li>I am connecting deeply with my friends and family. I am loved deeply. I am loveable. Many people look up to me and recognize my worth; I am admired. I honor my commitment to myself and others. <br><strong>I live in harmony with myself and others. I am blessed with an incredible family and wonderful friends.</strong></li><li>I love writing and sending information to people. I know that right now others are more successful and living lives of greater prosperity because I took action and sent them information. <br><strong>This makes me feel powerful and happy and I absolutely love knowing that it guarantees further success for others and me.</strong></li><li>I love and respect myself and that allows me to have enriching relationships, others love and respect me and I love and respect myself. <br><strong>I am an amazing person and I am proud of who I am. I feel at ease and powerful</strong>.</li></ol><h3 id="expression">Expression</h3><ol><li>I welcome freedom into my mind. I am not restrained to anything and can do whatever I want. <strong>I feel free and empowered.</strong></li><li>I speak my word with confidence and conviction. My words are powerful and they bring success to others when shared. <strong>I feel smart and important.</strong></li><li>I am a happy person who is intoxicated with living. I enjoy life and life is good to me. <strong>This makes me feel happy and exhilarated.</strong></li><li>I am free to express what I’m feeling. I live in the present moment. I know the right thing to do. Everything that is happening now is happening for my ultimate good.</li><li>I am safe.</li><li>I make my life and no one else makes it for me.</li><li>I enjoy great pleasure in my life.</li><li>Who I am is enough. I love and accept who I am. I am grounded and centered. I believe in what I know is true. I trust my intuition. I believe in my intentions.</li><li>I create the life of my dreams. My plans, goals and actions build my destiny and this makes me feel powerful and in control.</li><li>I posses the wisdom; the power; the motivation; the inspiration; and the passion, to accomplish anything I choose. I feel entitled and unstoppable.</li></ol><h3 id="direction">Direction</h3><ol><li>I am guided in my every step by M who leads me towards what I must know and do. I am guided by inner wisdom. I am the architect of my life; I build its foundation and choose its contents.</li><li>I attract success. Success and good things are naturally attracted to me and I feel prosperous and amazing everyday.</li><li>Success comes to me easily. Abundance and prosperity flow to me from every direction and I feel exhilarated. I can’t wait to wake up each day knowing that success is guaranteed for me.</li><li>I am open to all possibilities and keep an open mind at all times. I feel at ease when in strange situations and believe in my ability to figure things out and win. <br><strong>I feel confident and successful.</strong></li></ol><h3 id="letting-go">Letting Go</h3><ol><li>I forgive those who have harmed me in my past. I am superior to negative thoughts and low actions. A river of compassion washes away my anger and replaces it with love.</li><li>Happiness is a choice. I base my happiness on my own accomplishments and the blessings I’ve been given.</li><li>I ask forgiveness from those whom I’ve harmed and feel at peace.</li><li>This too shall pass.</li><li>I am free of worrying that people I interact with have a separate agenda. Everyone I interact with has a win-win relationship with me. <br><strong>This makes me feel confident, happy, and relaxed.</strong></li></ol><h3 id="improving">Improving</h3><ol><li>I have a keen capacity to learn new skills and support my success. I am a quick learner and quickly rise to the top of any field which I choose to play. <br><strong>I feel gifted.</strong></li><li>I am courageous and I stand up for myself.</li><li>Today, I abandon my old habits and take up new, more positive ones. <br><strong>Adopting new habits is easy and makes me feel unstoppable.</strong></li><li>I acknowledge my own self-worth; my confidence is soaring.</li><li>I am at peace with all that has happened, is happening, and will happen. My fears of tomorrow are simply melting away. My future is an ideal projection of what I envision now. My efforts are being supported by the universe; my dreams manifest into reality before my eyes. My obstacles are moving out of my way; my path is carved towards greatness.</li><li>I accomplish more in less time than ever before. I have a world renowned work ethic and get things done in record time. <br><strong>I feel unstoppable, powerful and smart.</strong></li><li>I effortlessly achieve my goals every single time. I set high goals, achieve them in record time. <br><strong>I feel powerful, smart and courageous.</strong></li></ol><h3 id="body">Body</h3><ol><li>I love exercising every day. I am in perfect health and have an amazing body. Going to the gym, exercising and taking a sauna make me feel well rounded and accomplished and the benefits I receive from exercise are incredible. <br><strong>I feel strong and healthy.</strong></li><li>My body is healthy; my mind is brilliant; my soul is tranquil. I radiate beauty, charm, and grace. I am healthier and stronger everyday.</li><li>I am a powerhouse; I am indestructible. My nature is Divine; I am a spiritual being.</li></ol><h3 id="waking-up">Waking Up</h3><ol><li>My life is just beginning. I wake up today with strength in my heart and clarity in my mind. I have been given endless talents which I begin to utilize today.</li><li>I prosper in health, I prosper in love, I prosper in finances, I prosper to peace and I am an unstoppable human being. I feel courageous and powerful in everything I do.</li></ol><h3 id="keys-to-conscious-creation">Keys to Conscious Creation</h3><p>Key #1: A field of intelligent energy bathes the universe and connects all things.</p><p>"I am tomorrow, or some future day, what I establish today. I am today what I established yesterday or some previous day." - James Joyce</p><p>Key #2: Everything in the universe is connected to everything else.</p><p>"You can have anything you want if you will give up the belief that you can't have it." - Dr. Robert Anthony</p><p>Key #3: In order to make change, we have to see ourselves as part of the world, rather than separate.</p><p>"The outer conditions of a person's life will always be found to reflect their inner beliefs." - James Allen</p><p>Key #4: Once something is physically joined, it's always connected.</p><p>"Everything is connected ... no one thing can change by itself." - Paul Hawken</p><p>Key #5: The act of observations is an act of creation unto itself.</p><p>"... we make things happen by wishing them, because we are not only the observer of what we experience but also the creator." - Vilayat Khan</p><p>Key #6: We have all the power we need, to create all of the change we choose.</p><p>"Live your beliefs and you can turn the world around." - Henry David Thoreau</p><p>Key #7: The focus of our feelings, and our beliefs about our feelings, become the reality of our world.</p><p>"One must marry one's feelings to one's beliefs and ideas. That is probably the only way to achieve a measure of harmony in one's life." - Napoleon Hill</p><p>Key #8: To simply say that we choose our new reality isn't enough.</p><p>"Miracle happen to those who believe in them." - Bernard Berenson</p><p>Key #9: Feel as if your goal is already accomplished, your prayer already answered, your wish already fulfilled.</p><p>"The thing always happens that you really believe in; and the belief in a thing makes it happen." - Frank Lloyd Wright</p><p>Key #10: The feelings that create intentionally must be without judgement and ego.</p><p>"When you learn not to want things so badly, life comes to you." - Jessica Lange</p><p>Key #11: We must become in our lives what we choose to experience in our world.</p><p>"What we are is God's gift to us. What we become is our gift to God." - Eleanor Powell</p><p>Key #12: We are not limited by the laws of physics and biology as we know them today.</p><p>"Limitations live only in our mind. But if we use our imaginations, our possibilities become limitless." - Jamie Paolinetty</p><p>Key #13: We are holographic beings in a holographic universe.</p><p>"All that we are is the result of what we have thought. The mind is everything. What we think we become." - Buddha</p><p>Key #14: The instant you create your prayer, it is already at its destination.</p><p>"Theoretical results about black holes suggest that the universe could be like a gigantic hologram." - Scientific American, August 2003</p><p>Key #15: The world is a mirror of what is within.</p><p>"Our environment, the world in which we live and work, is a mirror of our attitudes and expectations." - Earl Nightingale</p>
