---
title: "Cosmic Abandonment"
alias: "cosmic-abandonment"
feature_image: "https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1444703686981-a3abbc4d4fe3?crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&fit=max&fm=jpg&ixid=MnwxMTc3M3wwfDF8c2VhcmNofDN8fGNvc21pY3xlbnwwfHx8fDE2NzcxODgzNTc&ixlib=rb-4.0.3&q=80&w=2000"
type: "post"
status: "published"
visibility: "public"
modified: "2023-02-23T21:52:38.000Z"
---

<p>Well, some experiences are beyond words. <br>Some concepts cannot be said… it is what it is.<br>I had one of these transformational moments last week. <br>This is just an attempt to scratch the surface of that experience.<br>Join me on this journey, and let each word make ripples in your mind...</p><hr><p>I’m always fighting something…. for something… inside… outside…<br>Conspiracies… freedom… relationships… love… health… sex… competition… friendship… traveling through.. passing by</p><p>I’m a Man. I’m a fighter.<br>What you confront becomes your reality.<br>What you face becomes your world.<br>Look into a bucket… and puke your guts out…<br>Puke out the poison that clouds your heart…<br>Give up the chains that weigh on your mind.</p><p>And if you find a breath to take and then turn to look up…<br>Be it that the shine of stars finds your gaze…<br>The bright full moon electrifying your mind…<br>Or the early morning Sun melting your illusions…<br>Illusion. Of being on your own. Alone. Lost.</p><p>Remember me… remember you…<br>Only you can create suffering in this Life.<br>Only you can create pain.</p><p>Remember that I am you, and you Are me<br>Only you can create love in this World<br>Only you can be the creative spirit</p><p>Remember the sweetness of our time together<br>That you breathed space into existence<br>So that we could find each other again and again</p><p>Remember the harmony of our connection<br>That you beat the drum of Time, a perfect illusion<br>To show that our vibration permeates through every moment</p><p>I’ve been watching, waiting, hoping<br>That your dance of creativity lasts forever<br>That no corner of darkness exists without your presence</p><p>Well I set off in your example…<br>Dancing Love, breathing Life, moving through Time<br>And I found a place, where our lost children live…</p><p>They are broken… they are sick… they are crying for touch.<br>They are Hurt… they are ugly… they are out of Luck.<br>They descended away… believing themselves slaves of circumstance<br>They wear the chains of separation… proudly on their souls.<br>They are thorny… horny… and reactive…<br>They almost killed me… every chance they could get they tried to bleed me</p><p>I found them at Home… I found them there…<br>Where I last saw you… I saw them there.</p><p>Well they need our Love… they want our light…<br>They sing and cry out… to know our names…<br>To call us to fight.</p><p>Let’s fight one time… to find our core…<br>Let’s love one time… just one time more.</p>
