---
title: "Liberation Map"
alias: "liberation-map-2"
feature_image: "nan"
type: "page"
status: "published"
visibility: "public"
modified: "2020-08-19T22:02:19.000Z"
---

<p>A personal example of creating my Map with regards to the theme of Liberation.</p><p>Understand the example and personalize it for yourself.</p><h2 id="where-am-i-now">Where am I now?</h2><p><em><a href="/aspects-of-human-life/">Why am I using these categories?</a></em></p><p>Location: Puerto Escondido, Mexico<br>Career/Income: Writing ($0/mo) &amp; investing (8%/yoy). Temporarily retired from tech work.<br>Family: In good health, good financial standing<br>Friends: Happy community of workers, locals, and travelers. International online community of friends<br>Love: Actively engaging new interests in partners and learning<br>Service: Helping at local efforts. Vipassana service on hold temporarily due to c19.<br>Finances: No debts, emergency fund set, savings covering the near future, investments performing for the distance.<br>Travel/Adventure: Moto to nature nearby, flights to urban areas<br>Possessions: Hotel (rented), motorbike (rented), iPad, phone, backpack<br>Other Goals: <br>Surf - Stand on 5 waves in a session<br>Meditate - Daily practice, teach one class per week<br>Income - Grow my investment return to double my current spending</p><h2 id="what-are-my-most-recurring-responsibilities">What are my most recurring responsibilities?</h2><ol><li>protecting my body &amp; belongings</li><li>eating well</li><li>spending time: meditating, writing, adjusting investments, engaging people</li><li>paying attention to: friends, nature, economic markets, global events</li><li>sharing: gratitude, wisdom, love, time</li></ol><h2 id="what-landmarks-obstacles-comforts-and-opportunities-surround-me">What landmarks, obstacles, comforts and opportunities surround me?</h2><blockquote>Landmarks are recognizable situations to help me identify I've been here before. </blockquote><p>In the current case I observe i'm surrounded by a transient crowd, tendencies to get pulled into social events, lack of pressure to pursue income.</p><p>I spend a lot of time reading and researching concepts related to the world beyond  human life i.e. before and after human life.</p><blockquote>Obstacles are challenges that separate me from my goals. Things we aim to fix or overcome.</blockquote><p>Surf - Feeling inertia to go out on the water when waves are good.<br>Meditation - Not following a consistent schedule or planning ahead.<br>Income - Heavy resistance to  findinga new job in tech. Lacking confidence and technique to grow my investments.</p><blockquote>Comforts are the things that need to be sacrificed for the journey to begin.</blockquote><p>Keeping my schedule completely open makes me feel free but impacts my progress.</p><blockquote>Opportunities are the potential paths for progress.</blockquote><p>Schedule time blocks for surfing, meditation, investment courses.<br>Commit with a friend or coach for specific recurring times.<br>Reach out to more successful investors for training and resources.</p><h2 id="what-discourages-my-journey">What discourages my journey?</h2><p>Fears:<br>Disappointment<br>Pain<br>Failure</p><p>Apathy: Feeling like the benefit will be very incremental and require a lot of  work</p><p>Shame: How many times I’ve tried and failed</p>
