---
title: "Liberation Map"
alias: "liberation-map"
feature_image: "nan"
type: "post"
status: "published"
visibility: "members"
draft: true
modified: "2020-08-19T19:00:34.000Z"
---

<p>A personal example of creating my Map with regards to the theme of Liberation.<br>Understand the example and personalize it for yourself.</p><p></p><h2 id="where-am-i-now">Where am I now?</h2><p><em>Why am I using these categories?</em></p><p>Location: Puerto Escondido, Mexico<br>Career/Income: Writing ($0/mo) &amp; investing (8%/yoy). Temporarily retired from tech work.<br>Family: In good health, good financial standing<br>Friends: Happy community of workers, locals, and travelers. International online community of friends<br>Love: Actively engaging new interests in partners and learning<br>Service: Helping at local efforsts. Vipassana service on hold temporarily due to c19.<br>Finances: No debts, emergency fund set, savings covering the near future, investments performing for the distance.<br>Travel/Adventure: Moto to nature nearby, flights to urban areas<br>Possessions: Hotel (rented), motorbike (rented), iPad, phone, backpack<br>Goals: <br>Surf - Stand on 5 waves in a session<br>Meditate - Daily practice, teach one class per week<br>Income - Grow my investment return to double my current spending</p><h2 id="what-are-my-most-recurring-responsibilities">What are my most recurring responsibilities?</h2><ol><li>protecting my body &amp; belongings</li><li>eating well</li><li>spending time: meditating, writing, adjusting investments, engaging people</li><li>paying attention to: friends, nature, economic markets, global events</li><li>sharing: gratitude, wisdom, love, time</li></ol><h2 id="what-landmarks-obstacles-comforts-and-opportunities-surround-me">What landmarks, obstacles, comforts and opportunities surround me?</h2><blockquote>Landmarks are recognizable situations to help me identify I've been here before. </blockquote><p>In the current case I observe i'm surrounded by a transient crowd, tendencies to get pulled into social events, lack of pressure to pursue income.</p><blockquote>Obstacles are challenges that separate me from my goals.</blockquote><p>Surf - Feeling inertia to go out on the water when waves are good.<br>Meditation - Not following a consistent schedule or planning ahead.<br>Income - Lacking confidence and technique to grow my returns.</p><blockquote>Comforts are the things that need to be sacrificed for the journey to begin.</blockquote><p>Keeping my schedule completely open makes me feel free but impacts my progress.</p><blockquote>Opportunities are the potential paths for progress.</blockquote><p>Schedule time blocks for surfing, meditation, investment courses.<br>Commit with a friend or coach for specific recurring times.<br>Reach out to more successful investors for training and resources.</p><h2 id="how-do-we-use-tools-to-navigate-and-measure-our-movement-through-the-landscapes">How do we use tools to navigate and measure our movement through the landscapes?</h2><p>Measurable goals</p><h2 id="what-landscapes-might-we-pass-on-our-journey">What landscapes might we pass on our journey?</h2>
