---
title: "Life rant"
alias: "life-rant"
feature_image: "https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1570964251416-6ae7f9b8db47?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=2000&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjExNzczfQ"
type: "post"
status: "published"
visibility: "paid"
modified: "2011-02-19T05:00:00.000Z"
---

<p><br>You may already have thoughts and ideas about what the following may contain. So take those thoughts and ideas, and shove them up whatever pretty, fat, bony, hairy or dirty ass you got! Now that that's settled, please enjoy.<br>Whether you like it or not, you are alive, you are put on this planet, in this solar system to walk around for about eighty years - if you're lucky - and then start to rot like everything in history. And while you're here in this bastardized and modernized (how the fuck?) civilized time, the 21st century, you can make one - of many - important choices:</p><ol><li>You can join the mediocre society, live life as a consumer, buy, eat, shit, shit, sleep, and then go to work. And within the midst of that, ingest an endless percentage of the endless commercial media that corporations have prepared especially for you.<br>OR</li><li>You can be an individual, and think.<br>You may think these choices don't differentiate concretely to make this decision, or you may have any number of thoughts. If you do, you can restart the reading. ------JUST JOKING!<br>The only thought that is important, and really, it is important to have thoughts, is which of the two will you be. If you decide the latter(second of the two) would fit you, i guess you're reading the right note.<br>INDIVIDUALISM:</li></ol><p>It's pretty simple to be an individual, but simple as it may be, as the sun, or the waves of the ocean, or whatever else you consider to be simple - it is also beautiful.<br>Now, as simple as it is to just be, it is somewhat complex in understanding. To understand what it is to be an individual, think of a spider's web. You are the spider. And your center is not the spider, it is the center of the web. Everything is connected to you - directly, and then, interconnected with other things, which also connect to you - directly. What's important is to know that all these connections DO NOT make you special. Well, they kinda do.<br>In fact, they make you regular fries with a regular amount of NATURAL salt. And...something.<br>And, with whatever type of preservative you pick to keep you more long lasting, you will eventually rot.<br>Just don't lose hope yet. There is something more on those fries! Yes, it is the delicately scrumptious taste of thoughts, ideas, and caring. Yes, your thoughts are the magic! So, why would I discourage you from thinking with the first sentence you might ponder intensely, but just for a moment, until I tell you...<br>Because I felt like talking about asses – yep.<br>So we are just flesh, and we are just regular fires, who cares. What we really are is thoughts, and only individuals have thoughts.<br>So if you are an individual on this planet, and you are reading this, and thinking about me... well, thank you kindly. Because it is that thought that makes me, in essence, God.<br>i’m ending this note here. Thanks for reading... and feel completely free to talk to me about this, or anything, or nothing.... whatever the fuck.<br>Just remember, this is in a nutshell. And there is so much more. Wrap your brain juices around this first, and then you can be as I am, free. Not really though.</p>
