---
title: "My first shot"
alias: "my-first-shot"
feature_image: "https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1521978562062-4a694d7d0e74?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=2000&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjExNzczfQ"
type: "post"
status: "published"
visibility: "paid"
modified: "2008-05-14T07:40:00.000Z"
---

<p>My first attempts at writing (outside of school papers) were shot down harshly by everyone in my family. </p><p>I was in middle school - I had grown up with an old brother who used to kick my ass often - not anything crazy just the regular older brother business. He had a nasty habit of making me cry and watching me cry, just to hit me again when I stopped. That's the worst thing I can remember - he hit me just hard enough so I would cry some more - and then he would lecture me about respect. I felt stuck. My parents would usually punish us both when I complained so I usually stopped telling on him. He also made it routine to apologize before they came home and try to make it up to me. I was stuck. That's when I wrote my first blog. My first article was about how much I hated my brother, what he did to me, and how I felt. It was a poorly compiled list of events with interjections about my feelings. I sent it out to a few friends from school - and my brother. I wanted to show him that what he did would not go unnoticed, that people would know, and that there was a record of it online - for all to see.</p><p>I didn't think much of it through - I was young, and I was probably crying as I was writing that hateful thing.</p><p>By the end of the day my brother had read it. He must have felt terrible. He might have cried. But eventually told my parents. The rest was a resolution in the way that was very common with my parents - a denial of conflict. They explained to  me that publishing such a personal thing was wrong. That others shouldn't know what conflicts go on inside the family, and that I should take down my posts immediately and make up with my brother. I did. You can imagine the rest.</p><p>The point I'm trying to make is that I wrote out of necessity. As a cry for help, and more importantly for feedback. I wanted someone to tell me their story, give me a tip, or share my pain by identifying with me. I got those things - the benefits were immediate. So immediate that by the time the story got to my parents and the way they talked to me made me feel that I was the agressor.  they argued that because I didn't feel hurt anymore it didn't matter that I was hurt previously. But it worked - I felt guilty for ever writing those posts, I felt I betrayed my brother, and I took them down.</p>
