---
title: "Practical Freedom"
alias: "practical-freedom"
feature_image: "https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1582782657732-e7d7c08dcadd?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80&fm=jpg&crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&w=2000&fit=max&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjExNzczfQ"
type: "post"
status: "published"
visibility: "members"
draft: true
modified: "2020-11-09T23:44:49.000Z"
---

<p>This page is home for a course on increasing freedom in the various aspects of human life.</p><p>I will venture to outline directions for seekers on the path of freedom to have clear outcomes and make their journey more enjoyable with respect to challenges and time.</p><blockquote>⚠️ <br>Not everyone benefits from increased freedom. Only those wishing to explore, expand, or meet new challenges should continue on this path <br>⚠️</blockquote><p>Conversely, the methods to be lured and trapped into a collectivist system that guides every step through pressure, violence and brainwashing is freely available for those going in the other direction.</p><p>The form below will allow you to get new content when you finish each section. I will never share you contact info.</p><!--kg-card-begin: html--><iframe src="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfRH0U_PNLFhpXC5jpwCl6WO0O6NzrAvRM1MIY2xzZZUoNWVw/viewform?embedded=true" width="640" height="379" frameborder="0" marginheight="0" marginwidth="0">Loading…</iframe>
<!--kg-card-end: html--><h2 id="outline">Outline</h2><p>Copy this outline to a Google Docs or Excel so that you can track your progress.</p><h1 id="practical-freedom-action-items">Practical Freedom Action Items</h1><p>Start Date:</p><h2 id="module-0-capture-a-memory">Module 0 - <a href="__GHOST_URL__/posts/capure-a-memory/">Capture a Memory</a></h2><ul><li>Reflect on where are you now?</li><li>Create a map of your surroundings</li><li>How can you measure your movement? Direction?</li><li><em>Check in with your progress to get the next details</em></li></ul><h2 id="module-1-start-the-journey">Module 1 - Start the Journey</h2><ul><li>Pick your Focus</li><li>Define your Ideal Exchange</li><li>List your Potential Receivers</li><li>Design your Commitment</li><li>Calculate the Influence</li><li><em>Check in with your progress to get the next details</em></li></ul><h2 id="module-2-adopt-a-powerful-mindset">Module 2 - Adopt a Powerful Mindset</h2><ul><li>Communication Training</li><li>Create your Boundaries (Sales) Script</li><li>Define your Dream</li><li>Realize your New Identity</li><li>Vision →  Roadmap →  Missions →  Daily Actions</li><li>Transcend Imagined Obstacles</li><li><em>Check in with your progress to get the next details</em></li></ul><h2 id="module-3-build-the-right-community">Module 3 - Build the Right Community</h2><ul><li>Clean Up Your Presence</li><li>Reach Out to New People</li><li>Introduce Yourself</li><li>Generate Meetings</li><li><em>Check in with your progress to get the next details</em></li></ul><h2 id="module-4-attract-opportunities">Module 4 - Attract Opportunities</h2><ul><li>Attraction → Conversion → Delivery → Economics</li><li>Online Attraction: <br>Ad → Landing Page → Video → Schedule Meeting → Survey → Strategy Session</li><li><em>Check in with your progress to get the next details</em></li></ul><h2 id="module-5-reach-further">Module 5 - Reach Further</h2><ul><li>Improve Your Tools</li><li>Improve Your Community &amp; Infrastructure</li><li>Choose Important Signals</li><li>Design Your Dashboard</li><li>Gather Insights</li><li>Implement</li><li>Repeat</li><li><em>Check in with your progress to get the next details</em></li></ul><h2 id="module-6-automate">Module 6 - Automate</h2><ul><li>Protect Ya' Neck</li><li>Automate</li><li>go Go GO</li><li><em>Check in with your progress to get the next details</em></li></ul><h2 id="next">Next</h2><ul><li>Back to <a href="__GHOST_URL__/posts/courses">courses</a></li></ul>
